hey hey hey is your girl your Nicola
green what's up youtubers I am coming to
give you a update of my one month long
journey and let you know how it's going
so far so I have I reach my one month
mark and so far I am loving my life
journey I have only retwist at one time
and have already made a video about that
and I did that at my two and a half week
mark and now it's two weeks later and I
am actually in need of to retwist now as
you see you may can see the phrase or
what have you um I know I said that in
another video and all you guys were
leaving nice comments and all that
saying that my hair doesn't look that
bad but I really think the camera was
just giving me justice because really my
hair was just that bad so I'm gonna try
to get a little closer maybe you can see
some of the frizz and how bad and yes I
have a headband because oh my god
without the headband it really looks
horrible so I've been trying to rock
headbands and all that good stuff so to
kind of programming me from having to
retwist and I'm probably will try to
rock some scarves for the rest of the
week I'm today being monday and retwist
the weekend but I'm one thing that I
have learned is that the top of my hair
is much softer than the back of my hair
and i spritz my hair every day with
water and just in my record um water
ball it doesn't have anything else into
just war and I do that every day um I
told my friend girl that I think my hair
is just loving that Warner so much that
it thinks I am giving it any smart
treatment because the top of my hair
again so much softer I think it's maybe
like a4a
that my hair is just so soft at the top
my curls or just curling up my way users
are popping even more or whatever and I
think that is what's causing the frizz
and me really probably needing to
retwist this much as I am retwisting
because I am spritzing my hair with
water so much I'm not having that
problem at the back I mean yes I am
getting the wild hairs and the loose
hairs but that's typical where it still
doesn't look that bad as the top in my
opinion and though you probably still
saying it doesn't look bad but again the
cameras giving me justice I promise you
so I come to that conclusion that the
water is you know my hair is just too
soft at the top to do something so i am
going to eliminate missing the water on
my hair every day and what gave me the
idea to do so because i've heard several
other Locker say that I cannot read
different blogs and different websites
that are water helps your hair to lock
faster so I figured you know spish my
hair every day before my hair a lot
faster but I'm thinking in that case
most of them were meaning that that
maybe they rinse the hair or wash your
hair once a week or once every you know
two weeks and not the way I'm still
doing it so I probably am going to still
continue to express my hair maybe once
or twice a week along with the water
that I was using I was using my tropical
groups growth oil maybe every other day
spraying it on to my hair and then still
the prime the water so now since I have
eliminated the water all I'm doing this
brand the growth home and what I do is
um oops what I do is actually just spray
that in my hand and then you know apply
it to the hair that way maybe not so
much to the scalp cuz i get this gap
pretty good at least once or twice a
week
so that's one thing I have noticed so
again how probably just be wearing thick
headbands and I prom just go ahead and
take it off so you guys can see I don't
know if you can see like the waves you
know and again the free is it's horrible
I mean I got plenty wild hairs no I
don't know if you could see that one
like maybe not giving it justice or
whatever that the back doesn't look as
bad let me try to turn around so you can
see
okay I hope you saw if not well have to
edit that out or whatever but anyway so
um but other than that I'm loving it I
mean it started to really look like lots
whatever I mean now looks like i'm gonna
hit or miss ahead but most people that
probably see me would know what I am you
know doing she's locking her hair that's
why it looks like that okay whatever or
she's already locking him she just need
to reduce wear so but other than that I
am still loving my journey still
learning lots different youtubers out
there I want to thank some of you guys
there are already locked the house
recently subscribed to me I really
appreciate that because I will be
picking your brain X new questions or
whatever and you know we're here for one
another anyway so that was just a quick
update of my one month let's see how is
it going I got another video coming out
give you another thought of mine and
update on the products and what else
that I am doing on this journey so
that's the next time I'll let your girl
bees